<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?>
<!-- Carlie van wyk u21672823 -->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html
  xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
  xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops"
  xml:lang="en"
  lang="en"
>
  <head>
    <title>Sorrow</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <section title="act" epub:type="chapter" id="act">
      <h2>Activities Poems</h2>

      <h3>The Application</h3>
      <p><small>~ By Kit Schluter </small></p>
      <p>
        The object of my application <br />was to gain access to a plane of
        language<br />
        honest yet completely discursive. <br />Like a procedural work, <br />it
        was meant to provide me a strict framework <br />to liberate me from my
        intuition and habits, <br />gracefully stultifying the products of my
        free-range creativity<br />
        with its stringent demands.<br />
        The application taught me of economy : <br />I desired a new, terser
        voice. <br />I filled it out, <br />again and again,<br />
        as nothing more than a literary exercise. <br />As it restructured the
        interests and aims of my writing,<br />
        and then my very manner of speech, <br />I admired its austerity.
        <br />The application taught me English. <br />It forced me, in fact,
        <br />to learn English all over again. <br />Its questions served as a
        model <br />for the English I hoped eventually to speak.<br />
        But when they offered me a job, <br />I knew I had done something wrong.
        <br />I looked back and wished <br />I could read the application for
        the first time again,<br />
        repeatedly, <br />one time after another, <br />applying alive and in
        death, <br />a virgin applicant filling out its form for the first time,
        <br />forever, <br />and ever.<br />
        And when I heard myself say yes to their offer—<br />O god, only now can
        I see the irrevocability of my mistake . . . <br />Don&#39;t talk to me.
        <br />This would be easier were I made of glass.
      </p>
    </section>
  </body>
</html>
