<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?>
<!-- Carlie van wyk u21672823 -->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html
  xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
  xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops"
  xml:lang="en"
  lang="en"
>
  <head>
    <title>Sorrow</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <section title="LifeChoice" epub:type="chapter" id="LifeChoice">
      <h2>Life Choices Poems</h2>

      <section id="LifeChoice1">
        <h3>Bad Faith I.</h3>
        <p><small>~ By Kit Schluter </small></p>
        <p>
          Into the bulbous crenelation of foliage I raise my star-shaped <br />
          finger. Without softness,<br />
          the story perspires a sweetlessness, axillary as any latterday<br />
          bubo. Under my clothes, the skin coughs—<br />
          it weeps a filthy amber, the color of overused motor oil.<br />
          Between myselves, one soul feels too plastic—<br />
          but as long as there is at least a gust of light, there will be<br />
          some contour, some give, to the others.<br />
          The natural world is lobotomized : its hair grows long,<br />
          turns to gold, falls away,<br />
          and when my skull gets critiqued, rightfully, for taking<br />
          after centuries-old copper bells,<br />
          it cracks under this stress in the atmospheric night.<br />
          No matter which shrub I choose to lie in, I tend to find<br />
          another with binoculars right to his eyes, fixed on<br />
          some window, a body halted in its frame.<br />
        </p>
      </section>

      <section id="LifeChoice2">
        <h3>Bad Faith II.</h3>
        <p><small>~ By Kit Schluter </small></p>
        <p>
          What is an opulent form without a function : or, what is an adverb?
          <br />
          What is the perfect use of the word needlessly, <br />and what can I
          use to dowse for paranoia&#39;s nearest underground spring?<br />
          I awaken to the possibility of my having no such hydro- sphere,<br />
          the brighter half of my chiaroscuro egging me to passive reception.<br />
          There is no rhyme fit for my scream :<br />
          my scream is ever petty, a sword-crossed, double chiar- oscuro,<br />
          a crosshatching of trusts.<br />
          The normative is pedagogical,<br />
          but only in high, high relief.<br />
        </p>
      </section>

      <section id="LifeChoice3">
        <h3>Bad Faith III.</h3>
        <p><small>~ By Kit Schluter </small></p>
        <p>
          I never skimp on the food I shoplift . . . <br />
          but is there a name for slinking away from the inexpensive perimeter,
          like this, to the decadent aisles?<br />
          And if a tree is named alone in a wood, <br />can it be felled and
          dragged to the town square if no one&#39;s around to drag it there?<br />
          There is nothing inconvenient about it, <br />this disappearing, this
          falling away of the ground <br />from which an argument gleans its
          blinding charm.<br />
          I am an individual,<br />
          thus I have no bedtime.
        </p>
      </section>
    </section>
  </body>
</html>
