<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?>
<!-- Carlie van wyk u21672823 -->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html
  xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
  xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops"
  xml:lang="en"
  lang="en"
>
  <head>
    <title>Sorrow</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <section title="living" epub:type="chapter" id="living">
      <h2>Living Poems</h2>

      <h3>Berkeley in the Nineties</h3>
      <p><small>~ By Tess Taylor</small></p>
      <p>
        Too late for hippie heyday
        <br />
        & too young to be yuppies<br />
        we wandered creeksides & used bookstores.<br />
        There were still so many movie theaters.<br />
        Our parents marched against the many wars<br />
        & fed us carob chips. We foraged<br />
        in free boxes for old wrap skirts<br />
        but had absorbed consumerist desire,<br />
        & also longed for new J. Crew.<br />
        There was no internet yet & so we listened<br />
        to Steve Miller Band on repeat<br />
        & cut geometry to skinny dip<br />
        in the Essex Street hot tub.<br />
        We knew the code, just as we knew<br />
        to disapprove of America.<br />
        We walked out of high school<br />
        after Rodney King. We helped our mothers<br />
        shop for bulk oats at the Co-op.<br />
        We felt we could & couldn't<br />
        solve it. We could say systemic racism<br />
        but couldn't name yet how our lives were implicated.<br />
        We drove our grandmothers' Volvos up Marin<br />
        & watched the spangled world<br />
        from Grizzly Peak. We climbed Mount Diablo<br />
        in spring rain. We learned<br />
        the meaning of the word hegemony<br />
        but thought the word itself was hegemonic.<br />
        We got high to the patter of the windchimes.<br />
        When we missed our friends<br />
        we wandered to the farmers market<br />
        for bruised peaches. Bruised peaches were<br />
        our kind of revolution. There was not internet yet & so<br />
        we made elaborate cutout flyers to invite<br />
        our friends to picnics up at Codornices.<br />
        Bodies in space were revolution.<br />
        Some of us were feminist & queer.<br />
        Some of us wore wool sailor pants<br />
        & passed out at bad university parties.<br />
        Oh my god, that was embarrassing.<br />
        Some of us cut class to spend<br />
        days reading in the dank public library.<br />
        Alone in our aloneness we fumbled<br />
        with one another's bodies<br />
        in dim alleyways near City Lights.<br />
        Our revolution: under cherry blossoms,<br />
        reading Virgil. One of us made red<br />
        mushroomy kombucha. One of us<br />
        taught the others to eat burdock.<br />
        The burdock eating didn't really take.<br />
        Some days we paid the toll<br />
        for people behind us<br />
        on the Richmond-San Rafael Bridge.<br />
        At Steep Ravine howled Whiteman at the sea.<br />
        Most days, we were a crumbling outpost. Nearby<br />
        the street preacher, Paul of the Pillar,<br />
        spoke in helter-skelter baritones from<br />
        liberated air on the Cal campus.<br />
        We too believed in liberated air & some nights<br />
        bought Paul sausages at Top Dog.<br />
        Under the Campanile, we discussed<br />
        how Ginsburg was a sellout now because he posed<br />
        for Gap ads in wide-legged chinos.<br />
        Chinos were not the revolution.<br />
        Trigonometry was not the revolution.<br />
        We memorized short poems by D. H. Lawrence.<br />
        We were quick fish who read<br />
        Gary Snyder in someone's dad's Mendocino cabin.<br />
        Some of us climbed ferny gullies<br />
        on winter solstice & got topless.<br />
        Decorated each other in white reindeer lichen.<br />
        Recited the Tao Te Ching. Had sex on a cliff.<br />
        Reindeer lichen was the revolution.<br />
        We craved transcendental revelations,<br />
        the radical & burning future:<br />
        We lobbied for condoms in the high school bathrooms<br />
        even though the bathrooms needed toilet paper—
      </p>
    </section>
  </body>
</html>
