<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?>
<!-- Carlie van wyk u21672823 -->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html
  xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
  xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops"
  xml:lang="en"
  lang="en"
>
  <head>
    <title>Sorrow</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <section title="relationship" epub:type="chapter" id="relationship">
      <h2>Relationships Poems</h2>

      <h3>Full Fathom Five</h3>
      <p><small>~ By Sylvia Plath </small></p>
      <p>
        Old man, you surface seldom. <br />
        Then you come in with the tide&#39;s coming<br />
        When seas wash cold, foam-<br />
        <br />
        Capped: white hair, white beard, far-flung,<br />
        A dragnet, rising, falling, as waves<br />
        Crest and trough. Miles long<br />
        <br />
        Extend the radial sheaves<br />
        Of your spread hair, in which wrinkling skeins<br />
        Knotted, caught, survives<br />
        <br />
        The old myth of origins<br />
        Unimaginable. You float near<br />
        As keeled ice-mountains<br />
        <br />
        Of the north, to be steered clear<br />
        Of, not fathomed. All obscurity<br />
        Starts with a danger:<br />
        <br />
        Your dangers are many. I<br />
        Cannot look much but your form suffers<br />
        Some strange injury<br />
        <br />
        And seems to die: so vapors<br />
        Ravel to clearness on the dawn sea.<br />
        The muddy rumors<br />
        <br />
        Of your burial move me<br />
        To half-believe: your reappearance<br />
        Proves rumors shallow,<br />
        <br />
        For the archaic trenched lines<br />
        Of your grained face shed time in runnels:<br />
        Ages beat like rains<br />
        <br />
        On the unbeaten channels<br />
        Of the ocean. Such sage humor and<br />
        Durance are whirlpools<br />
        <br />
        To make away with the ground-<br />
        Work of the earth and the sky&#39;s ridgepole.<br />
        Waist down, you may wind<br />
        <br />
        One labyrinthine tangle<br />
        To root deep among knuckles, shin-<br />
        bones,<br />
        Skulls. Inscrutable,<br />
        <br />
        Below shoulders not once<br />
        Seen by any man who kept his head,<br />
        You defy questions;<br />
        <br />
        You defy godhood.<br />
        I walk dry on your kingdom&#39;s border<br />
        Exiled to no good.<br />
        <br />
        Your shelled bed I remember.<br />
        Father, this thick air is murderous.<br />
        I would breathe water.<br />
      </p>
    </section>
  </body>
</html>
