<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?>
<!-- Carlie van wyk u21672823 -->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html
  xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
  xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops"
  xml:lang="en"
  lang="en"
>
  <head>
    <title>Sorrow</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <section title="sorrow" epub:type="chapter" id="sorrow">
      <h2>Sorrow Poems</h2>

      <h3>Punctuations & Wind</h3>
      <p><small>~ By Tess Taylor</small></p>
      <p>
        Then once again someone is shot
        <br />
        at a school
        <br />
        by a sniper
        <br />
        by police
        <br />
        in a movie theater
        <br />
        & the many homeless
        <br />
        are hustled & hunted.
        <br />
        <br />
        You read how your clothes are sewn by slaves
        <br />
        your dinner fished by slaves
        <br />
        your fruit picked by starving children.
        <br />
        <br />
        Mostly you don't get away.
        <br />
        Mostly you raise the children you have,
        <br />
        afraid of no health care,
        <br />
        of losing the one goodish job you've finally got.
        <br />
        Mostly you keep your nose to the grindstone.
        <br />
        <br />
        Your heart flails a thick fish in your throat.
        <br />
        You have a felt for a long time that someone is watching:
        <br />
        The administration is eroding your benefits.
        <br />
        <br />
        But you are lucky, so you try to feel lucky.
        <br />
        By the numbers you have always lived in an apartheid state.
        <br />
        You look at your child.
        <br />
        Read reports of the tear gas.
        <br />
        Text a friend. Cry at night.
        <br />
        Some days you march when people are marching
        <br />
        some batter windows some are hit things are cancelled:
        <br />
        The year has been dry
        <br />
        even small rain will lead to mudslides.
        <br />
        <br />
        Some nights you wake only to feel yourself for a few minutes grieving
        <br />
        or praying & hearing in darkness
        <br />
        the old tree tossing & tossing & wild the storm coming
      </p>
    </section>
  </body>
</html>
